case is a quick quick tour of the new
printer it was inspired by this old one
currently under maintenance broken
thermocouple print bed is two sheets of
six more glass separated by than bit of
fiberglass and three parallel heating
elements all together about 1.2
kilowatts we think although not
accurately measured currently we're
printing a batch of brackets for a
somebody CNC machine it's working with
one of those eBay extruders slightly
modified the the thermal then the couple
was replaced by a thermistor other than
that nothing else has been done to it
it's normally going faster than this but
I've turned the accelerations down I
think it's a little bit too slow now so
I'll turn them off again for the next
printer down the other side all the
electronics
one one dongle power dumb driver for the
extruder and three five hard ones all
the others made that motors said drive
under there currently I turned off the Z
lift doesn't even make much difference
my Zed home mother switch apparently the
Y's are a bit of a mess the intention is
to put this Cable Guy on there fairly
soon and that will allow me to enclose
the whole thing to keep the keep the
plastic hot and hopefully prevent any
more warping I'm gonna take a little
while
all the parts on this machine were
printed on the Mendel
using a folding cable it's just a
bicycle break outer the filament is down
there possibly getting wet and cold but
once the enclosure is on there that ship
to help with that that's about it